hello everybody today we will gather
together to have a group study session
I'm gathered why some probably familiar
faces by now and yeah what different
methods of studying different ways to
ride it's nice to get out of rooms in
downtown actually have some contact with
other humans as well as studying at the
same time so yeah here we go so we all
went to the Jesus College Study Center
for our group study session students
often have super visions in these rooms
throughout the day luckily on a
Wednesday afternoon the space was quiet
and free for us to use during exam time
the library it can get really busy so
it's good to have another space we can
go and study for the first part of the
session we were ordering focus silent
study everyone had their own work to do
although a lot of us are doing the same
subject physical Natural Sciences we
actually had quite a variety of work
Astrid on the Left studies English so
she was going through an essay and
highlighting it and reading it for a
supervision and Ella is a scientist
student so she's on the right and is
doing some graph work
look at these two go whoo whoo
[Music]
and Here I am bratty si plans for Earth
Sciences I'm using a laptop to type
market but some people often just
handwrite things it's just what you
prefer my geology theory paper is made
up of a load of mini essays so I was
practicing planning them as with all
study groups all of us were definitely
more focused than others it turns out we
actually let a couple of primary school
boys in apparently Adam world fancy
themselves as comedians as Allah
demonstrates what other people are
hindering your studying you just got to
put them in their place cheers up it's
really annoying like a new action yes
you tell them about you tell them
and here are Tim and Jacob working hard
Jacob was doing a maths trifles past
paper while Tim was doing a couple of
physics past paper questions for the
exams really fast approaching we've got
to the point where it's just exam
question after exam question here we
have eller and Edie doing some
collaborative work and discussing one of
the physics questions at length
the physics debate continued for those
interested X exploration was apparently
wrong so I mean don't always trust your
friends guys trust eager instinct
sometimes I mean I know we always want
to think the best people but just
putting out there this might have been
ed sabotage me Ella's work so Ella watch
out
here's asteroid putting the rest of us
to shame by how much work she was
getting done here she's making notes on
a podcast on the play richard ii you may
think she's listening to music but oh no
it's actually educational stuff and now
shall we go and see what will and ed
have been working on oh my god guys
you're so funny you have me in stitches
[Music]
and and we'll actually working because I
know they'll be indignant if I painted a
picture that said otherwise it was very
pretty
you guys practice off for Ella's fab
physics work wow-whee so eventually we
all settle back down and probably
focused my work some of us will
listening to music others weren't I
personally find I can't concentrate
while listening to music I really don't
know how people do it like I'd love to
be able to but then I know some of the
others find them more productive one
listening to music so it's individual to
everyone it did get to a point though
where both Astrid and Ella were getting
sick of their work remaining I can visit
some point you should read this and
learn this for me what a scandal and
here on the final part of the first half
of our revision session asteroid
volunteered to go to Sainsbury's to go
get food which was very kind of tough
Sainsbury's is only like a five-minute
walk around the corner so it's extremely
convenient and we did need some fuel to
help us through the second half the
revision session
[Music]
otherwise you will be killed
after 15 minutes the break was over and
we got back to work or some of us did ed
and will was split up but I think ed may
have been problem here because soon
enough he was chatting to Tim instead
in Ed's own words I quote he said in
this revision sessions I did very little
maths brackets matrices what we can take
away is that group study is a productive
environment for some but not all the
good news is that I was being productive
and I was on to my third essay plan at
this point
I rather enjoyed this one actually
because it was on planet habitability
so basically aliens what's not to like
I think the studying had just got to
them I mean it's the only explanation
for this weird behavior and here we have
Jacob busy scribbling - max answers and
then we have Tim who is staring at a
question still staring still staring and
he gives up it's a progression we all go
through
conclusion we all know the thing
Cambridge students exposed we are
actually very bad at concentrating on
work but now back to work
Ella and Ed continue with their physics
and math respectively and then we lost
two hours will an ad disappear off
letting the team down guys letting the
team down the rest of us continued we
were almost at the end of our scheduled
study session at this point
[Music]
with four left standing
only the season study is continues our
exams are actually three hours long so
endurance is quite an important thing
[Music]
discussion of graphs in shoed
oh wait so that's it it's now maybe
half-past nine we've done a good two
hours of studying with a break in
between okay or something we'll be up to
three hours in the morning doing work
but it adds up to their mind rather than
always self-study if you enjoyed the
video then please give it a like and
subscribe down below and I'll see you
with another video quickly and what's
I'm going to say like comment subscribe
so we're not stressing out in our exam
prep we're doing well I hope your exams
going well too
Salvador's side
[Music]